About: This document specifies the Turtle Graphics language.
Version: 2021-April-26 15:53
Author: Pedro Izecksohn
Copyright: Public domain to be standardized.

Any document using the Turtle Graphics language to describe a drawing should
use .tg at the end of its file name.

Introduction:
1) The screen measures 1 by 1.
2) The decimal point is the . .
3) In .tg files the angles must be in degrees.
4) 90 degrees is down. 0 degrees is right.
5) Turtle's initial angle is -90 degrees that is up.
6) Turtle's initial coordinates are 0.5,0.5.
7) In historical tg, all commands were composed by a single upper case letter or symbol.
In this version, the historical commands are kept but the modern commands are words,
ended by a space.
8) Commands are lines containing words, being the first word the name of the command.
   The others words may be integers, doubles or a name.
   The words are separated by spaces or tabs.
9) The initial background color is 0 that is black.
   The initial background color may be changed by a command line argument.
10) In the current working version, each color is an integer between 0 and 255.
    In future versions, colors will be composed of 3 integers representing red green blue.

Commands:

A a
Sets turtle's angle to a degrees.

B c
Sets background color to c. Paints all pixels that are the same color of the old background.

T t
Turns the turtle t degrees.

X x
Sets position.x to x.

Y y
Sets position.y to y.

F n
Walks forward n.

U
Pen up. IOW: Stops of drawing.

D
Pen down. IOW: Restarts to draw. Also draws that pixel where the pen is.

R n
Repeats n times the next lines until E.

E
Ends a block started by R.

C c
Sets the color to c where c is an integer that fits in 8 bits.
The default color is 255.
The initial foreground color may be changed by a command line argument.

# comment
Inserts the comment comment. Just the first comment is written in the PGM.

P p
Since version 005 the usage of P is deprecated.
On version 004 it sets the step_length of F to p. The default step_length is
0.001.
On version 005 the step_length is automatically set for continuos lines.

B
Prints debugging information to stdout. The result of this command is
implementation dependent.

OVERLAY width height filename.tg bgcolor fgcolor
Overlays a portion of the current drawing by filename.tg.
The portion to be overlayed is at right down of the current position
width and height must be greater than 0 and lesser than 1.
bgcolor overwrites the initial backgroud color.
fgcolor overwrites the initial foreground color.

STORE $name
Stores the current position in the variable $name.
Variables are not delimited by R ... E blocks.
Every variable name must begin with a dollar sign.

LOAD $name
Loads the content of $name to the current position.

LINE $name
Draws a line from current position until the position stored at $name.
Changes the current angle.

Historic Information:
The version 004 is the last version in Python written by Pedro Izecksohn.
The version 005 is the first C version written by Pedro Izecksohn.
